[Music]
As seen in our previous video, edit the
story. Adding videos to the timeline
marking a segment is a useful tool when
using the source player. It allows you
to take a segment of the video and then
use it in the timeline. But did you know
that you can also use the same function
for your timeline? When you mark a
segment on your timeline, you can either
delete it or overwrite the segment with
content from the source player. Marking
a segment on your timeline can be done
with two easy methods. To start marking
a segment, go to the functions below the
preview player and click on set timeline
inpoint. When you're ready to end the
segment, click on set timeline outpoint.
Alternatively, you can also place the
playhead where you want to start the
segment on the timeline. Then press I to
start the segment. Move the playhead
where you wish to end the segment and
then press O. The segment can cover any
part of the video, even if it spans over
several different clips. To delete the
segment, simply press the delete button
on your keyboard. If you accidentally
delete a segment, you can easily undo
this action by pressing controll and
zed. The segment will reappear with the
highlighted area intact. You can use
inpoint and outpoint when you want to
overwrite parts of the timeline with new
content. First, place the file you want
to use for the overwrite into the source
player. To overwrite a segment, you need
at least three points. You can do this
in three ways. The first option is to
set an inpoint and outpoint in the
source player. Then set either an
inpoint or outpoint on your timeline.
This will determine where the segment
starts or ends on the timeline.
The second option is to set an inpoint
or outpoint in the source player. Then
set both an inpoint and outpoint on your
timeline.
The third option is to set both an
inpoint and outpoint for both your
timeline and your source player. Please
note that the shorter segment will
determine the length of the overwrite.
Once your points are set, click the
overwrite in main track at play head
button or press Q on your keyboard to
overwrite the segment. To remove the
markers from a segment, press option and
I and option and O if you have a Mac and
alt and I and alt and O for a Windows
computer. You can also use the same
inpoint and outpoint functions in the
preview player to clear the markers.